Marketing/App Store Description.md, before:

# Den for RSS

## Comfy Feed Browsing

Follow the sources you want with fewer distractions and no funny business.

Den is for creating landscape views of what's happening. Keep up with any topic using dashboards powered by syndication feeds. It's made for folks who want to be informed, but prefer to not be targeted, analyzed, abducted, or probed.

If you're nostalgic for simple blocks of headlines that you can organize yourself, then this is the app for you. Den draws inspiration from internet start pages past, but modernizes the concepts using the latest tech. Flexible, multi-column layouts make it ideal for quickly scanning articles. Native app features and performance deliver a crisp wire surfing experience.

FEATURES

+ Made for phones, tables, and computers
Developed from the start to work great on screens of all sizes.

+ Cloud Sync
Profiles, feeds, history, etc. on all your devices without signing up for yet another account.

+ Read in Your Regular Browser
Items open in a built-in Safari view, reading mode optional, on phones and tablets. Items open in the default browser on computers.

+ RSS, Atom, and JSON Feed
Works with popular formats so the library of compatible feeds is limitless.

+ OPML Import and Export
Backup, restore, or share feeds with common OPML files.

+ Item Search
Quickly get the latest on a topic by searching the titles of current items.

+ Feed Detector
Discover feeds on webpages with the companion browser extension.

+ Security Check
See which feeds have insecure URLs and check for HTTPS alternatives to use instead.

Commit message:

Remove trademarks from app store description.

Marketing/App Store Description.md, after:

# Den for RSS

## Comfy Feed Browsing

Follow the sources you want with fewer distractions and no funny business.

Den is for creating landscape views of what's happening. Keep up with any topic using dashboards powered by syndication feeds. It's made for folks who want to be informed, but prefer to not be targeted, analyzed, abducted, or probed.

If you're nostalgic for simple blocks of headlines that you can organize yourself, then this is the app for you. Den draws inspiration from internet start pages past, but modernizes the concepts using the latest tech. Flexible, multi-column layouts make it ideal for quickly scanning articles. Native app features and performance deliver a crisp wire surfing experience.

FEATURES

+ Designed For All Screens
Enjoy a consistent experience on phones, tablets, and computers.

+ Cloud Sync
Profiles, feeds, history, and more on all your devices without signing up for yet another account.

+ Read in Your Regular Browser
Items open in a built-in web view, reading mode optional, on phones and tablets. Items open in the default browser on computers.

+ RSS, Atom, and JSON Feed
Works with popular formats so the library of compatible feeds is limitless.

+ OPML Import and Export
Backup, restore, or share feeds with common OPML files.

+ Item Search
Quickly get the latest on a topic by searching the titles of current items.

+ Feed Detector
Discover feeds on webpages with the companion browser extension.

+ Security Check
See which feeds have insecure URLs and check for HTTPS alternatives to use instead.
